PEGI 18
so with reckoning what I wanted to do is
really bring the hardcore action
moment-to-moment button presses and
choices that players have with action
game we're fighting game into the RPG
stands so you're not looking so much at
dps and like math over time you're
looking at which attacks i'm using over
time and how to defend it properly and
where I am in relation to each enemy
that's the thing we play rpgs go you do
the RPG but you're like ah man I gotta
go fight this in his dungeon it's gonna
be boring you got the like slope and
that's my combat yeah you're not looking
forward so funny but you're looking for
that story because it's so interesting
we really wanted to bring the RPG gamer
a little bit more to the action side if
we had cool hardcore stuff a tax for the
hardcore action gamer to like get into
and understand that's cool but we really
wanted to be bringing all that fun to
the RPG game g2 a good animation is
strong poses I feel like if you look at
our combat and hopefully when you freeze
up frame because you did that you have a
strong pose there and like it's dynamic
and you can tell exactly where the swing
is coming from how heavy the weapon is
and basically how powerful the player
really is wanted to be like badass
strong raw power no soft type of thing
no no whimsical thing is all just
hitting hard unless you up clear the
road type of X we tailored our poses and
our animation to the control like we
really try to push that as far as we
possibly can everything about every
button press is that there's pregnant
action to it Todd McFarlane really
speaks well to it Young and his team are
really all about seeing each pose each
pose being strong and then my job is to
make it feel like I did that with that
button press it wasn't anybody else that
was me so there's only one way to do an
action RPG in the style that we're doing
and that's to sit the animators and
designers side by side I was like the
key of of making all of this possible
designers have their own mind of how
things need to be for damage and hit
reacts and timing and animators have
their own mind for
how to make it look good and how to make
it look like it has proper weight it's a
lot back and forth sometimes you know we
like all right it's gonna look the best
but it's gonna it's gonna it's gonna
feel good and designers like okay fine
you know you can have more frames gonna
be a little slower probably let's go
look at you see it in Game all the
fluidity of the players moves and the
NPCs and how the enemy's work with the
player and all everything to the sink
actions to the stealth kills the patient
kills everything transitions so smoothly
it's a direct result of us sitting
together and implementing all this stuff
together I'm a big believer in telling
the animators get off your seat act it
out because you got to really feel it
inside before you can kind of like put
it on the screen yeah I just go crazy
it's hard to describe but like as an
animator you want to make it as
believable as possible and you gotta
believe it first I want to say before
you can tell make other people believe
it I get into that sand so gesture you
just just grabbing on your strength for
me for me your inner strength that's a
safe and just doing what you feel no no
like training involved just just just
Hail Mary with these weapons see what
you come up with we want to make it
believable at same time we want to make
it awesome we're like you're like wow I
know that's impossible but I want to do
that
so I'm reckoning what we've done is we
built a combo system that lets the
players sort of build out the combos in
a way they see fit but it's built to be
balanced also as a sense of risk and
reward so it's a very bottom level you
have your basic attacks and these are
the first hits of your combo chain so if
you think about it with your daggers
daggers is a six-hit change so the first
five hits are your basic attacks you can
always cancel those basic attacks in to
dodge or a block any time you want you
can also cancel up to the higher levels
for the magic attacks the next level is
your special effects these are the last
hits of the chain or maybe a unlocked
special like you might have a attack out
of Dodge or a tacit of one what these
are going to do they're going to apply
status effects going to do a lot more
damage but you're not able to cancel
into defense like with the block or
dodge out of them but you can always
cancel up one level into your magic
abilities from your magic abilities you
really committed to that move so once
you're using magic you've paid a mana
cost but you're committed to that move
if you're going to get hit afterward you
might get hit it's going to take a while
before you can block cancel or dodge
cancel or even attack again out of it so
what we've done is built that system
where you start with the low and you can
go to always move up the chain and now
you start working in things like
launching attacks and then you can start
building combos out of it you might get
to the end of your very last hit you've
hit him with a strong finisher but you
always know you can do a magic attack to
sort of continue to change or something
it's really all about creating this
language that the player convince build
calm was awesome
a new player comes to our game I really
do want them to see that it's an RPG
it's got all these action elements and
you're giving all these choices to sort
of shape the way that they play their
character and equip their characters
gear and the abilities that they use but
really what I want them to discover in
our game is how to express themselves in
combat you can go on a plane reckoning
without memorizing anything you know and
you can like like this more just to feel
and a timing thing which anybody can
pick up easily for me a good game is a
fun game you know a game that you want
to keep playing and like a game that you
don't mind watching the animation you
know anybody can do like combinations
you know I don't like like like I guess
if you get good enough you can do like a
10 15 a combo but I mean but even that
says it's that's easy to do so easy so
you just pick it up and just mess around
have fun with it and next thing you know
you'll be kicking all kind of ass in any
other game they're always going to have
the standard for attacks that they use
and that's what makes them a warrior but
in our game I feel there's so many
variations on how you can actually play
that out as a warrior whether using
dodge or teleport or blocks or periyar
which combinations or weapons that
you're actually using and magic
abilities that it really does become
sort of an expression of view and it's
just so much fun just to walk through
our own building here at big huge and
just see each player playing in their
own way and in combination is that I
never thought would be possible but they
work and it's just sort of how each
person just represents themselves so
really what I want to see is just that
self-expression I'm really looking
forward to seeing videos of like combos
or ways like people have found a defeat
enemies just using the tools that we've
given up
Oh